---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3: Preparing for WODs Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-09-29
published: true
labels:
  - MIS
  - WODs
---
<h2 id="Summary">Summary</h2>
<p>In this essay, I will be talking about the five WODs I’ve done. I will give a very short explanation of what each WOD is about. Next, I'll tell you how many times I tried to complete each WOD in the allotted time. Then I'll explain why it took me so many tries to complete it, what challenges I faced for each WOD, and what helped me finish within the Rx time.</p>

<h2 id="Browser-History-6">BrowserHistory6</h2>
<p>This WOD assignment took me 8 tries just to complete it within the Rx time. At first, I was reading what this is about. What we had to do is create 4 different web pages from the BrowserHistory we are working on. When I first looked at what the results would look like, I thought that this is going to be a fun assignment. I read the steps first to see what I knew how to do and every step seemed new to me. So I have a feeling that it will take me a lot of tries to complete the assignment within the Rx time. I tried doing it first without looking at the screencast first but I’m already lost on the third step. I went ahead to watch the screencast video. After watching the video, I tried doing it again but I’m still having trouble. So, what I did was while watching the video I'm doing the coding at the same time. The part that I had a hard time doing is doing the onmouseover and onclick. It’s either two of the buttons are working and one is not, or all of them working or sometimes it’s not working. Then, when I finally got it and everything was working I continued working. I did it a few more times to see if I could finish it within the Rx time.</p>

<h2 id="Smar-Phone-Products-1-with-Variables ">SmarPhoneProducts1 with Variables</h2>
<p>This WOD is about using variables to eliminate hard-coding the information for displaying products. It only took me 2 tries to complete it within the Rx time. Like what I did before, I read the steps and saw what I already knew how to do. I know how to do it all, but I don’t have the confidence to say that it will work on the first try. Before recording, I gave it a try, after I watched the screencast to compare my code. Everything I did was right. Also, in this assignment I learned about the quick search command. This made life easier to change or replace things. I don’t need to keep clicking the arrow button.</p>

<h2 id="Invoice-1">Invoice1</h2>
<p>What this WOD is about is creating a sales receipt with five different products. Just like what I did with the previous WODs, I first looked at the steps and saw what I already knew how to do. Then I gave it a try without looking at the screencast. When I got to the document.write() , that’s when I got confused and didn't know what to do. For like a few minutes, I was trying to figure out what to do, but I gave in. So, I watched the screencast to see what I had to do for that step. After watching the video, I did it again from the top. Then I watched the video again because I didn’t know where to put the table. I repeat the steps a few times. What took me a long time is the table part, because every time I reload the server, some of the numbers are not showing. I checked my codes and I saw that everything was okay. I watched the video again, and that’s when I found out what was wrong. Like what Prof. Port said, the small things will mess you up. And he was right. So, I redo everything until I get it right.</p>

<h2 id="Invoice-2">Invoice2</h2>
<p>In this WOD, we had to add the shipping amount to the sales receipt. At first, I was looking at the steps, and it seemed pretty easy. As usual, I checked to see if it was working and it was. So far, so good at first, but then when I was on the second step, I reloaded the server and everything was gone. I went back to vscode to see what I did wrong, but I can’t find it. This time I watched the screencast and compared my code. I restarted everything and followed the screencast. After a few tries of following the screencast, I still get the same result of everything vanishing from the table every time I reload the server. On the last try, I finally figured out what was wrong. I gave it a try and everything was going well until I finished the WOD. I double checked after I finished to make sure it was working.</p>

<h2 id="Smart-Phone-Products-2">SmartPhoneProducts2</h2>
<p>In this WOD, we used the for loop and eval() functions. For this WOD, like what I did for the previous WODs, I read the instructions and steps first to see what I knew how to do. I thought it was going to be easy since I’ve already done SmartPhoneProducts1 and I just have to add some codes here. I gave it a try, and when I used the live server to see if it was working, everything was gone. I get frustrated by it. Every time I say that an assignment is easy, I always make mistakes and the WOD is not working. So, after a few minutes of checking and figuring out how to solve the problem, I watched the screencast. I looked at it carefully and saw what I did wrong. I was having a hard time using the eval() function and for loop as well. When I checked the screencast, I was missing some things, like the quotation marks or the curly brackets. Then, on my next attempt at the WOD, the pictures were still missing, and I realized I didn't have the variables. I had to redo everything and I finally got the result that I wanted and was able to finish it within the Rx time.</p>

<h2 id="Conclusion">Conclusion</h2>
<p>Professor Port was correct when he said that small things will mess you up. As you can see, I had to redo my WODS a few times or longer to finish them within the Rx time. I always checked the screen cast and compared it to my codes just to see what I did wrong. It’s always the commas, backticks, or curly braces that I always mess up on.</p>

<p>What I learned from this experience is to NEVER RUSH when doing coding because you will most likely get something wrong. Yes, it’s good to finish the WODs within the Rx time, but check to see if you’re missing something so that you don’t have to redo everything and don’t get frustrated when you don’t get the result that you want.</p>

<p>For my future WODs and codings, I will still do what I usually do. Read the steps, check if I know anything about how to do it, give it a try, and then watch the screencast for help. Since I'm a visual learner, I like that it has a screencast video that helps me with these WODs. Lastly, check the coding first to see if there’s something missing, and don’t rush doing WODs so that you don’t have to redo everything.</p>
