---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-25
published: true
labels:
  - MIS
  - Assigment2
---
<h2>Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details</h2>
In this assignment we are building up from assignment 1. The first assignment we only have our products page and invoice page. Now we have to add a log in page and a registration page. We are starting to make our website to be more realistic and functional as it should be. 


<p>To know more about this assignment, <a href="https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html">Click here for Assignment 2.</a></p>

<h2>What did you learn from this assignment?</h2>
<p>
What I learned from this assignment is number one work on it early because it's not that easy. Just like my assignment 1 i kind of started on it a little late because I don't know what I wanna do for my assignment. I was scared and don't know what to do and where to start. It took me quite a long time thinking what products I want to put in my website. As a result I was able to do it however it is not as good as I wanted it to be. 
</p>

<h2>Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).</h2>
<p>I did not work with a partner for this assignment</p>

<h2>How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?</h2>
<p>
Searching on google what I needed help with for this assignment. 
</p>

<h2>How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?</h2>
<p>
the difference is that we now have to add a log in and a registration page. We are starting to make our website to become more realistic. For this assignment, when the users log in it will go back to home page or log in page after purchasing and be able to use the same user data to log back in. 

</p>

<h2>Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging</h2>
<p>
a) thinking about how to do something - I would say about 20%
b) writing code (but do not include testing - 50%
c) testing and debugging - 30%
</p>

<h2>Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?</h2>
<p>
what work well...
</p>

<h2>If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?</h2>

<p>
What I would do is to start on it early and don't stress too much about it. Read and understand the manuals, don't just put in codes that you think will work. 
</p>
